	Matt Knicos mknicos@gmail.com

	These are responses to the numbered review statements at the end of
Chapter 1 from the book The Art and Science of Java by Eric Roberts When
possible, the answers will be worded in a way that will hopefully
contextually express what the question was. Extremely basic questions are
left out, as this is not an exercise in my typing, but rather a tool to track
my progress and a way to help me fully understand the material

	1.	Babbage's Difference Engine was simply a machine built to have a
table of Mathematical functions. The Analytical Engine introduced the idea of
using a form of Programming to change the behavior of the machine.

	2.	Ada Byron is considered the first Programmer because of her designs
for the Analytical Engine.

	3.	von Neumann Architecture is the concept that programs and data
could be represented in a similar way and stored in the same internal memory.
This simplified the programming process and is the basis of modern computing.

	5.	Computer science is concerned with the domain of computer software
and problem solving. These are abstract domains that require sequences of
steps and operations in a precise language involving creativity, skill, and
discipline.

	6.	An algorithm must be: - Clearly and unambiguously defined. -
Effective, in the sense that its steps are executable. - Finit, in the sense
that it terminates after a bounded # of steps

	7.	Algorithmic design is the process of developing an algorithm, or
choosing an existing one that solves the problem. Coding is the process of
expressing that algorithm in a language the computer can understand.

	8.	A higher-level language will are designed to make it easier for
humans to express algorithms without having to understand in detail how the
underlying hardware will execute those algorithms. In this case I will be
using Java as my higher-level language.

	9.	An Interpreter does not actually produce a machine language
instruction to perform operations on a computer. Instead it simulates the
operation by executing instructions that have the same effect. A compiler
will translate programs in a language the specific machine will understand.

	10. Object Files are source files that have been translated into a
particular machine language. As coders, we deal with source files

	15. Good software engineering involves writing programs for the long
haul. Programs that can be understand and maintained by others in the future.

	16. Procedural programming consists of a collection of procedures and
functions that operate on data. Object oriented programming consists of
programs that are a collection of objects, and the data associated with them
are encapsulated into integrated units.

	17. A java program run in a web browser is called an applet.