		Matt Knicos mknicos@gmail.com

		Chapter 2 Review Responses from the book The Art and Science of Java
	by Eric Roberts

		When possible, the answers will be worded in a way that will
	hopefully contextually express what the question was. Extremely basic
	questions are left out, as this is not an exercise in my typing, but
	rather a tool to track my progress and a way to help me fully understand
	the material

		2.	A library package is a collection of tools written by other
	programmers that perform specific operations

		3.	The method name is "run" that is executed when a Java program
	starts under the control of the acm.program package

		5.	The println method will display the argument string and then
	return to the beginning of the next line. It stands for "print line". In
	the ConsoleProgram, you can use just "print" and it will not start a new
	line.

		6. The readInt method prints its argument to the screen, with the
	desired effect to prompt the user to input a integer. It will pass that
	integer along to the "run" program or returns the value the user typed.

		7.	The "+" is an example of an expression. It will do the
	arithmetic version of the sign and add two numbers, or it can concatenate
	two strings. If there are are any parts of the expression that are not
	strings, Java converts them into standard string representation before
	concatenation.

		8.	Holism recognizes that the whole is often more important that
	the sum of its parts, whereas reductionism looks at the parts that make
	up the whole.

		9.	A class is an extensible template that specifies the structure
	of a particular style of object. An object is a conceptually integrated
	entity that encapsulates both "state" and "behavior."

		10.	A subclass is an extension of a superclass. A subclass
	inherits the behaviors and abilities of its superclass

		11.	"new" is a Java keyword associated with the use of a
	constructor.

		12.	A DialogProgram utilizes pop-up boxes to interact with the
	user, whereas a ConsoleProgram utilizes the text based window.

		14.	You attach the message to the object e.g. receiver.name(arg)
	the receiver is the object

		15.	Under the GObject superclass this chapter discusses GLabel,
	GRect, GOval, GLine

		16. GLabel responds to the method setFont while the GRect and GOval
	respond to the method setFilled

		17. Any of the subclasses of the GObject class will repsond to the
	method setColor since they all inherit that from GObject

		18.	Java's coordinate system starts with 0,0 as the upper-left
	most point on the screen.